_Michael D. Hall_: 	Hi, I'm Michael Hall standing here with Jen Lindner and Milan Dobrota. And they're working with the Tribune Company in Chicago and they're doing like a little user group and support network called Tribune Tech, and you are hosting some groups. You said you’ve hosted J. S. hack nights, and you said you have something planned for Chicago Testing Group. So can you tell us a little bit about what you guys are doing and what you are looking to do with the community, against the microphone.
_Milan Dobrota_: 	Sure, so, Tribune Technology wants to get engaged in the community. It wants to help as much as possible. So, we know there are a lot of great ideas out there, and a lot of people, and a lot of really cool user groups. So if you’re looking for hosting, or if we can help in any other way, make sure you let us know. TribuneTech, that’s our twitter username and we’re also on Facebook, I think its http://facebook.com/tribunetechnology. And, it’s like, we’re really trying to help the community and help us because when people come to us we get engaged, we get new ideas, new technologies and that’s good for the company and good for the community, good for everybody.
_Michael D. Hall_: 	So the groups that you’ve hosted so far are you guys using a lot of JavaScript and Ruby internally so you wanted to like figure out a way to like, give back to the community by hosting and bringing people in or?
_Milan Dobrota_: 		Yes.
_Jen Lindner_: 	What happened was that, the Tribune itself was basically saying to itself, nobody really knows what we do with technology. They don’t know how much we actually use and they’ve opened open sourced some gems this year, like there’s a lot, like on the Ruby some interesting JavaScript too. So they asked for volunteers to basically be like an interface to the community in general to basically help support whatever knowledge sharing and a better development culture within technology and to sort of let everybody know what we’re actually doing and to support the things that are good. So that’s how we met, and we all started this volunteer thing. We knew various user groups and so we started reaching out to various people that we knew in the community and saying that we’d really like to host. We’d like to do other things and we’ve come along, and that’s how this ball got rolling. 
_Michael D. Hall_: 	And so, have you guys been; the key metric is are you guys having fun and enjoying it? This isn’t something coming from corporate this is something that you guys helped to create. It’s unique that a company would be saying hey, how can we figure out how to become more engaged with the community? Especially one that’s not known to be a tech company. 
_Milan Dobrota_: 	So, I think that was a great idea, because, they basically came up to us and they said, okay, we need volunteers that are going to give a certain number of hours that 	you can work on, you could be improving our culture, connecting with the community and just… They don’t tell us what to do, they just told us what we could do, and we didn’t have any limits. So, it’s really cool because like everybody is a volunteer, and we’re so passionate about it so we were brainstorming a lot. We came up with all these ideas we came up with some tribune internal ideas…
_Michael D. Hall_: 	You developed hack night shirts 
_Milan Dobrota_: 	So, as far as our external engagement with the community goes, so far, we’re doing hack nights. So just as you said earlier, we did a couple of Java script hack nights our Meteor.js. and Java script events, and we’re currently talking to Chicago, we’ll be testing group organizers, that’s a new group, so we hope to host those groups.
_Michael D. Hall_: 	Thank you very much for taking the time to talk with me, and hopefully we’ll be able to send some people your way.
_Jen Lindner_: 		Cool.
_Milan Dobrota_: 	Thanks.